{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23200\viewh14720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 High-level Advisory Body on Artificial Intelligence: Public Call for Nominations\
\

\f1\b 1. Title
\f0\b0 \
\
Mr.\
\

\f1\b 2. First name
\f0\b0 \
\
Vincent\
\

\f1\b 3. Surname
\f0\b0 \
\
Boucher\
\

\f1\b 4. Email
\f0\b0 \
\
president@montreal.ai\
\

\f1\b 5. Telephone
\f0\b0 \
\
+1 514-829-8269\
\

\f1\b 6. Gender
\f0\b0 \
\
Male\
\

\f1\b 7. Nationality
\f0\b0 \
\
Canada\
\

\f1\b 8. Age
\f0\b0 \
\
50\
\

\f1\b 9. Expertise
\f0\b0 \
\
Technology governance\
Ethics\
Public policy and regulation\
Foresight and scenario-building\
Human rights\
Compute infrastructure and cloud\
Cyber security\
Data protection and governance\
Machine learning and symbolic systems\
Foundation models ('Large Language Models')\
Robotics\
AI robustness\
AI reliability and safety\
AI risk modeling and risk management\
AI standard setting and compliance\
\

\f1\b 10. Employment and Affiliations
\f0\b0 \
\
Private sector organizations : MONTREAL.AI\
\

\f1\b 11. Motivation statement
\f0\b0 \
\
In a world where technology is rapidly reshaping the fabric of society, the urgent call for ethical leadership and visionary guidance in artificial intelligence is clear. Vincent Boucher, with his unparalleled expertise, profound empathy, and life dedicated to the principles that define our shared humanity, answers this call with unwavering resolve.\
\
Born from the crucible of suffering and despair, Vincent's life is a story of resilience, transformation, and triumph. Raised in youth centers and social welfare families, the haunting shadows of his mother's tragic past as a \'93Duplessis orphan\'94 marked his early years. But it was the discovery of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights at the tender age of 14 that ignited a spark in him, setting him on a path that would lead him from darkness to brilliance.\
\
Vincent's academic achievements are a testament to his extraordinary intellect and determination. Completing a B.Sc. in Theoretical Physics in just one year, followed by master\'92s degrees in Government Policy Analysis and Aerospace Engineering, his pursuit of excellence continued as he provided management consulting for the Canadian Space Agency. But his journey didn't stop there; in founding MONTREAL.AI, he positioned himself at the forefront of AI innovation and governance, earning international recognition as a leader in the field.\
\
Yet, Vincent's story transcends professional accolades. His deep emotional connection to human rights and justice resonates with the very core values of the United Nations. The painful lessons learned from his childhood experiences have fueled his dedication to ensuring that AI aligns with principles of human dignity and compassion. Vincent stands as a living embodiment of the UN's mission to protect, respect, and connect humanity in the digital age.\
\
Vincent's work aligns seamlessly with the Secretary-General\'92s Roadmap for Digital Cooperation. His leadership at MONTREAL.AI has actively contributed to promoting digital inclusion, trust, and security. His understanding of digital tech}